First I had to wget http://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/coreutils/coreutils-7.6.tar.gz. To
untar and unzip it, I used "tar -xzvf coreutils-7.6.tar.gz".  Then I made the
directory coreutilsInstall using the command mdir.  I then went into the
coreutils-7.6 directory using cd, and then I read the INSTALL file with emacs.
To install coreutils in the temporary directory, I had to use the --prefix flag
that I read in the INSTALL file.

To configure it, I typed
"./configure --prefix = "/u/cs/ugrad/bradleyz/coreutilsInstall".
To compile it I typed "make".  To install it I typed "make install".

After navigating into the coreutilsInstall directory, when typing "bin/ls -al"
I got the incorrect format with the YYYY-MM-DD format.  Also I could have
navigated into ~/coreutilsInstall/bin and then ran the command.

To copy paste the patch I used wget to get the html of the website then killed
and yanked the text onto patch_file saving it as mpatch.diff.  For some reason
copypasting gave me an error.

I then ran "patch < msg.diff" but then it said it can't find file to patch at
input line 3.  I realized I had to change directories into the coreutils-7.6
folder rather than the coreutilsInstall one.  I used man patch to find pnum
(-p1 specifically) which made it search for src/ls.c rather than a/src/ls.c.
The command "patch -p1 > msg.diff" returned "Hunk #1 succeeded at 2013 (offset
-1 lines)." and "Hunk #2 succeeded at 2028 (offset -1 lines)."

Only the commands remaking ls.c were needed.  That was the only file that was
modified after all.  The following commands "CC ls.o", "CCLD dir", "CCLD vdir",
and "CCLD ls" were the most important and they created the object file. Almost
every other command such as "Making all in lib" or "Making all in doc" aren't
really necessary.  The "Making all in man" changes the man page and prints "GEN
dir.1", "GEN vdir.1", and "GEN ls.l". Because I did it in my current directory,
I had a lot of commands that just moved around between the various directories.

After using "make", I navigated back into coreutilsInstall/bin to test it, and
the fix worked locally.  I created a file, then I used touch -t 201001010000
randfile to create another file over a year old.  Calling "ls -l" had the
incorrect dates, but calling "./ls -l" had the correct formatting for the
dates.  Both the recently modified as well as the "year-old" file worked.
